WmArt- You use the elements in the art folder to manage adapter components, including connections, adapter services, listeners, and notifications.cations.
WmPublic-cache Folder : You use the elements in the cache folder to place data in a cache and retrieve it again later. 
WmPublic-Client Folder : You use the elements in the client folder to formulate and submit requests to HTTP, FTP, SFTP, e-mail, and LDAP(LDAP stands for Lightweight Directory Access Protocol.) servers.
WmPublic-Date Folder : You can use the elements in the date folder to generate and format date values.
WmPublic-Db Folder : You use the elements in the db folder to access JDBC-enabled databases.
WmPublic-Document Folder : You use the elements in the document folder to perform operations on documents in the pipeline.
WmPublic-Event Folder : You use the elements in the event folder to subscribe to events, write event handlers, and work with EDA (Event Driven Architecture) events.
WmPublic-File Folder : You use the elements in the file folder to perform operations on the local file system.
WmPublic-Flat File Folder : Use the elements in the Flat File folder to convert between Flat File documents and IS documents (IData objects), and to manage dictionary entries, entire flat file dictionaries, and flat file schemas.
WmPublic-Flow Folder : You use the elements in the flow folder to perform debugging and utility-type tasks in a flow service.
WmPublic-Hastable Folder : This folder contains services that you can use to create, update, and obtain information about the hashtable.
WmPublic-IO Folder : You use the elements in the io folder to convert data between byte[ ], characters, and InputStream representations. The io folder contains services for reading and writing bytes, characters, and streamed data to the file system.
JDBC Folder : You use the elements in the JDBC folder to obtain information about Integration Server JDBC pools.
JMS Folder : You can use the services in the JMS folder to send and receive JMS messages.
JSON Folder : You use the elements in the JSON folder to convert JSON content into a document (IData object), and a document (IData object) into JSON content.
list Folder : You use the elements in the list folder to retrieve, replace, or add elements in an Object List, Document List, String List, or Vector.
              You also use list services to convert String Lists to Document Lists or a Vector to an Array
Math Folder : You use the elements in the math folder to perform mathematical operations on stringbased numeric values.
MetaData Folder : You use the elements in the metadata folder to publish metadata about Integration Server packages and administrative assets to the CentraSite shared registry
MIME Folder :You use the elements in the mime folder to create MIME messages and extract information from MIME messages
OAUTH Folder : Use the elements in the oauth folder to authorize a client application to access data on Integration Server using the OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework.
Packages Folder : You use the elements in the packages folder to install, load, and/or alter the status of a package on the Integration Server.
PKI Folder : You use the elements in the pki folder to create and verify PKCS#7 signatures with PKI profiles. You also use elements in this folder to create and process S/MIME messages using PKI profiles
Publish Folder : You use the elements in the publish folder to publish documents to other Integration Servers via webMethods Broker.
Remote Folder : You use the elements in the remote folder to invoke services on other webMethods Integration Server.
Replicator Folder : You use the elements in the replicator folder to replicate packages across webMethods Integration Servers. This folder contains services that you can use to push packages from
                    your webMethods Integration Servers to a subscriber's server. It also contains services that you can use to pull packages from a publisher's server to your webMethods
Integration Server
Report Folder : You use the elements in the report folder to apply an output template to an IData object. The services can be used in order to generate any type of dynamic XML, EDI, or HTML document.
Scheduler Folder : You use the elements in the scheduler folder to execute services at the times you specify. Services that you schedule are referred to as user tasks or just tasks. The Scheduler feature
                    on the webMethods Integration Server handles execution of the tasks.
Schema Folder :You use the elements in the schema folder to validate objects and to validate the pipeline.
Security Folder : You use the elements in the security folder to control which client certificates are sent to other services and digitally sign data and process digital signatures. You can also use the
                  elements to store and retrieve outbound passwords to access secure resources.
SMIME Folder : You use the elements in the smime folder to create digitally signed and/or encrypted MIME messages. You also use the services in this folder to process signed and encrypted MIME messages that are passed into the pipeline.
SOAP Folder :   You use the elements in the soap folder to compose and send SOAP messages and to receive and retrieve data from within them.
Storage Folder : You use the elements in the storage folder to create, close, and delete data stores in the Integration Server short-term store.
String Folder : You use the elements in the string folder to perform string manipulation and substitution operations.
Sync Folder : You use the elements in the sync folder to coordinate the execution of services. You can coordinate services so that a waiting service will execute if and only if a notifying service
              produces the input required by the waiting service within a specified time period. The synchronization services wait for and send notification using a key. A notifying service
              only delivers input to waiting services with the same key.
Synchronization Folder : You use the elements in the synchronization folder to perform latching and crossreferencing operations in a publish-and-subscribe integration.
Trigger Folder : You can use the services in the trigger folder to create and delete triggers and manage document retrieval and document processing for individual Broker/local triggers. 
                 You can also use services to create, delete, enable, disable, or suspend one or more JMS triggers.
TX Folder : Use services in the tx folder to perform administrative tasks for guaranteed delivery transactions.
UniversalName Folder : You use the elements in the universalName folder to list the contents of the Universal Name Registry and to look up services or document types by their universal names
Utils Folder : The utils folder contains utility services.
VCS Folder : You use the elements in the VCS folder to manage user associations for the Version Control System Integration feature.
XML Folder : You use the elements in the xml folder to perform operations on XML documents.
XLST Folder : You use the elements in the XSLT folder to transform XML into a byte array, file, or XML node, and to maintain the XSLT stylesheet cache.
