1.what are Transaction Types in JDBC Adapter ?
There are 3 types of  Transaction Types :
• NO_TRANSACTION
• LOCAL_TRANSACTION 
• XA_TRANSACTION

2.what is Adapter Connection, Adapters Service ?
• Adapter Connection is used for connecting databases at runtime.
• Adapter Service allows the Integration Server to perform Database operations such as DDL,DML etc.

3.What is Deployer in webmethods ? 
Deployer is a graphical tool that lets deploy services developed in the webMethods product suite from one to another.

4.What is Integration Server Administrator ? 
The Integration Server Administrator is an HTML‐based utility used to administer the webMethods Integration Server. 

5.Define WebMethods Broker ?
 webMethods Broker is a high-speed message router that can uses asynchronous publish-subscribe model or point-to-point messaging model for processing the messages.
 
6.List the types of flow steps used in creating a Flowservice ?
The list of flow steps used are 
1.INVOKE
2.MAP
3.BRANCH
4.LOOP
5.REPEAT.
6.SEQUENCE
7.EXIT

7.what are transformers , why there are used in webmethods ?
Transformers are the services you use to accomplish value transformations on the Pipeline Tab. There are In-built transformers defined in IS default packages.

8.What is pipeline in webmethods ? 
Pipeline is the general term used to refer to the data structure in which input and output values are maintained for a flow service. 

9.What are different types of ports available in webmethods tool ? 
The ports are Http, Https, FTPS, SMTP, FTP, File polling. These are either Primary port, Diagnostic port.

10.Define Trading Networks in webmethods ?
It is a component that runs on the webMethods Integration Server.It enables enterprise to link with other companies (buyers, suppliers, strategic partners) and marketplaces to form a business-to-business trading network. 
 
11. What are variable types in webmethods ?
Variable types in webmethods are String, String list, String table, document, document list, document reference, document reference list, Object, or Object list.

12.What is TPA in TradingNetworks ? 
A Trading Partner Agreement (TPA) in Trading Networks is a set of parameters that you can use to govern how documents are exchanged between two trading partners.

13.What Is an Element?
An element is an item that exists in the Navigation panel in webMethods Designer.
Elements include folders, services, specifications, IS document types, triggers, and ISschemas.

14.What is ns subdirectory ?
ns subdirectory holds flow services, specifications, document types, schemas, triggers, adapter notifications, adapter documents, adapter services, adapter connectors, and code fragments for Java services.

15.What Is a Dynamic Server Page(DSP)?
A dynamic server page (DSP) is a document embedded with special codes (tags) that instruct the webMethods Integration Server to perform certain actions when an HTTP (or HTTPS) client requests the document. DSPs are used to construct browser-based applications.

16.What is the use of webmethods Designer ? 
WebMethods Designer is used for : 
▪ Service Development
▪ Running Flow services
▪ Service Development perspective 
▪ Debugging Flow services ( Save pipeline , Restore pipeline).
▪ Continuous Query Development
▪ UI Development
▪ Business Process Development

17.What is a JMS trigger?
 A JMS trigger is a trigger that receives messages from a destination (queue or topic) on a JMS provider and then processes those messages.
 
18.What does ART folder refers to ?
 Art folder to manage adapter components, including connections, adapter services, listeners, and notifications.

19. which folder has built-in services in webmethods ?
WmPublic has built-in services provided with  add-on packages on webMethods Integration Server.

20. List some of wmpublic sub-packages ?
These folders reside in Wmpublic package : art,cache,client,date,db, document,event,flow,jdbc,math,list,security, string etc.
 
21. What does RFC stand for in webmethods Connection ?
RFC stands for Remote Function Call. It is the standard SAP interface for communication with or between SAP systems.

22.What is a Flat File?
Flat files present complex hierarchical structural data in a record–based storage format. The data in the flat file has been flattened  as a single logical record of application data.
All flat files consist of a list of records containing fields and composites.

23.What are Fields, Composites & records in a FlatFile ?
Fields are  pieces of data, Composites contain multiple fields ,Records are sequences of fields and/or composites.

24. What is a Flat File Schema?
A flat file schema is the blueprint that contains the instructions for parsing or creating a flat file and is created as a namespace element in the Integration Server. This blueprint details the structure of the document, including delimiters, records, and repeated record structures.

25. what are flat-file schema constraints ? 
Structural constraints,
Content type constraints
Conditional constraints

What is JMS Messaging in webmethods ?
JMS, is a messaging system that implements the JMS message interfaces and provides administrative and control features. It supports routing and delivery of messages through the implementation of the webMethods Broker API for JMS on the client. 


