1.what are Transaction Types in JDBC Adapter ?
There are 3 types of  Transaction Types :
• NO_TRANSACTION
• LOCAL_TRANSACTION 
• XA_TRANSACTION

2.what is Adapter Connection, Adapters Service ?
• Adapter Connection is used for connecting databases at runtime.
• Adapter Service allows the Integration Server to perform Database operations such as DDL,DML etc.

3.What is Deployer in webmethods ? 
Deployer is a graphical tool that lets deploy services developed in the webMethods product suite from one to another.

4.What is Integration Server Administrator ? 
The Integration Server Administrator is an HTML‐based utility used to administer the webMethods Integration Server. 

5.Define WebMethods Broker ?
 webMethods Broker is a high-speed message router that can uses asynchronous publish-subscribe model or point-to-point messaging model for processing the messages.
 
6.List the types of flow steps used in creating a Flowservice ?
The list of flow steps used are 
1.INVOKE
2.MAP
3.BRANCH
4.LOOP
5.REPEAT.
6.SEQUENCE
7.EXIT

7.what are transformers , why there are used in webmethods ?
Transformers are the services you use to accomplish value transformations on the Pipeline Tab. There are In-built transformers defined in IS default packages.

8.What is pipeline in webmethods ? 
Pipeline is the general term used to refer to the data structure in which input and output values are maintained for a flow service. 

9.What are different types of ports available in webmethods tool ? 
The ports are Http, Https, FTPS, SMTP, FTP, File polling. These are either Primary port, Diagnostic port.

10.Define Trading Networks in webmethods ?
It is a component that runs on the webMethods Integration Server.It enables enterprise to link with other companies (buyers, suppliers, strategic partners) and marketplaces to form a business-to-business trading network. 
 
11. What are variable types in webmethods ?
Variable types in webmethods are String, String list, String table, document, document list, document reference, document reference list, Object, or Object list.

12.
